DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

This file provides additional information for maintainers and contributors.


## Testing

Nothing special or automated yet. For the time being, try *at least*:

1. Build the nupkg package, install it and watch out for errors and warnings:
   ```console
   cd ./chocolatey-usewindow.extension
   choco pack
   choco install chocolatey-usewindow.extension --source='.\' --force
   RefreshEnv
   ```
2. Import the PowerShell module directly, do some function calls and watch out for errors. See the [`README.md` "Usage" section](./README.md#usage) for details.
3. Check if the installation of packages depending on this extension is still working properly:
   ```console
   choco install `
     chocolatey-sendkeys.extension `
     chocolatey-sendmouseclick.extension `
     --force
   ```


## Releases

1. Do proper [Testing](#testing). Continue only if everything is fine.
2. Determine the next version number. This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Unlike other Chocolatey packages, there is no underlying software's version to match.
3. Update the [`CHANGELOG.md`](./CHANGELOG.md). Insert a section for the new release. Do not forget the comparison link at the end of the file.
4. If everything is fine: commit the changes, tag the release and push:
   ```console
   git tag v<version> <commit> -m "version <version>"
   git show v<version>
   git push origin main --follow-tags
   ```
5. Compile the `.nupkg` and [Push](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/commands/push) it to the community package feed.


## Miscellaneous

### Encoding

* Generally: Use UTF-8 encoding with `LF` (Line Feed `\n`) line endings.
* All `*.ps1`, `psm1` and `*.nuspec` files: Please follow [Chocolatey's character encoding rules](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/create-packages#character-encoding). Add a Byte Order Mark (BOM) and use `CRLF` (Carriage Return `\r` and Line Feed `\n`) line endings as Chocolatey's general context is Microsoft Windows, Powershell and .NET.


### Repository name prefix vs. package ID

We established `chocolatey-<packageID>` as naming rule for Chocolatey package source repositories.

However, as it is also common to use `chocolatey-` as prefix for package IDs of Chocolatey extensions, we decided to define an exemption: The `chocolatey-` repository prefix is dropped when the packages ID also start's with `chocolatey-`.

Strictly following the naming rule would result in unhandy repository names like `chocolatey-chocolatey-usewindow.extension` otherwise, without any real benefit regarding grouping and filtering.

Commit message:

Rename: "chocolatey-usewindow.extension" -> "usewindow.extension".
Sorry, I missed one of the naming rules[1]:

> Do not use "chocolatey" in your package ID as this indicates an
> official package. You can use "choco" instead, but you must include
> the word "Unofficial" in the package title.

I can only guess how this happened. Maybe I was mentally anchored
because of already existing, unofficial extensions with this prefix
(which are allowed to keep the name as they were existing before the
new rule was introduced).

Repository name stays the same, we established chocolatey-<packageID>
as naming rule for our Chocolatey package source repositories.

[1] https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/create-packages#naming-your-package

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

This file provides additional information for maintainers and contributors.


## Testing

Nothing special or automated yet. For the time being, try *at least*:

1. Build the nupkg package, install it and watch out for errors and warnings:
   ```console
   cd ./chocolatey-usewindow.extension
   choco pack
   choco install usewindow.extension --source='.\' --force
   RefreshEnv
   ```
2. Import the PowerShell module directly, do some function calls and watch out for errors. See the [`README.md` "Usage" section](./README.md#usage) for details.
3. Check if the installation of packages depending on this extension is still working properly:
   ```console
   choco install `
     sendkeys.extension `
     sendmouseclick.extension `
     --force
   ```


## Releases

1. Do proper [Testing](#testing). Continue only if everything is fine.
2. Determine the next version number. This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Unlike other Chocolatey packages, there is no underlying software's version to match.
3. Update the [`CHANGELOG.md`](./CHANGELOG.md). Insert a section for the new release. Do not forget the comparison link at the end of the file.
4. If everything is fine: commit the changes, tag the release and push:
   ```console
   git tag v<version> <commit> -m "version <version>"
   git show v<version>
   git push origin main --follow-tags
   ```
   If something minor went wrong (like missing `CHANGELOG.md` update), delete the tag and start over:
   ```console
   git tag -d v<version>                 # delete the old tag locally
   git push origin :refs/tags/v<version> # delete the old tag remotely
   ```
   This is *only* possible if the package was not already [pushed](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/commands/push) to the community package feed. Use a new patch version number otherwise.
5. Compile the `.nupkg` and [Push](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/commands/push) it to the community package feed.


## Miscellaneous

### Encoding

* Generally: Use UTF-8 encoding with `LF` (Line Feed `\n`) line endings.
* All `*.ps1`, `psm1` and `*.nuspec` files: Please follow [Chocolatey's character encoding rules](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/create-packages#character-encoding). Add a Byte Order Mark (BOM) and use `CRLF` (Carriage Return `\r` and Line Feed `\n`) line endings as Chocolatey's general context is Microsoft Windows, Powershell and .NET.
