README.md, before:

# Chocolatey Use-Window extension (helper to focus a window) (`chocolatey-usewindow.extension`)

A [Chocolatey extension](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/features/extensions) providing helper functions for querying and focusing windows. These functions may be used in Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts by declaring this package a dependency in your package's `.nuspec`.

The most important function is `Use-Window`, which is able to focus a window and bring it to the front. A script can easily switch between windows this way.


## Installation

As the package is an extension, it gets usually installed automatically as a dependency. However, you can still install it manually:

```console
choco install chocolatey-usewindow.extension
```


## Usage

To create a package with the ability to use a function from this extension, add the following to your `.nuspec` specification:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency id="chocolatey-usewindow.extension" version="REPLACE_WITH_MINIMUM_VERSION_USUALLY_CURRENT_LATEST" />
</dependencies>
```

It is possible to import the module directly in your `PS >`, so you can try out the main functionality directly:

```powershell
# import the modules
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\helpers\chocolateyInstaller.psm1"
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\extensions\chocolatey-usewindow\*.psm1"

# get a list of all functions
Get-Command -Module 'chocolatey-usewindow.extension'

# get help and examples for a specific function
Get-Help Use-Window -Detailed
Get-Help Find-WindowHandle -Detailed

# bring the first window that contains the name 'foo' to the front and focus it
Use-Window 'foo'

# bring the first window that equals the name 'foo' to the front and focus it
Use-Window '^foo$'

# bring the first window with the handle 101010, if it exist, to the front and focus it.
Use-Window 101010

# focus the window with the handle 202020, if it exists, to the front and focus it.
Use-Window 'foo bar (202020)'
```

But keep in mind that functions of Chocolatey extension may only work correctly in the context of Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts.


## License, copyright

This project is under the MIT License. See the [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) file for the full license text and details.


## Author information

This Chocolatey extension is maintained by [foundata](https://foundata.com/). If you like it, you might [buy them a coffee](https://buy-me-a.coffee/chocolatey-usewindow.extension/). The core functionality is a fork of the [`Focus-Window`](https://github.com/71/Focus-Window/) PowerShell module by [Grégoire Geis](https://gregoirege.is/).

Commit message:

Rename: "chocolatey-usewindow.extension" -> "usewindow.extension".
Sorry, I missed one of the naming rules[1]:

> Do not use "chocolatey" in your package ID as this indicates an
> official package. You can use "choco" instead, but you must include
> the word "Unofficial" in the package title.

I can only guess how this happened. Maybe I was mentally anchored
because of already existing, unofficial extensions with this prefix
(which are allowed to keep the name as they were existing before the
new rule was introduced).

Repository name stays the same, we established chocolatey-<packageID>
as naming rule for our Chocolatey package source repositories.

[1] https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/create-packages#naming-your-package

README.md, after:

# Use-Window extension for Chocolatey (helper to focus a window) (`usewindow.extension`)

**This project is *not* associated with the official [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) product or team, nor with [Chocolatey Software, Inc.](https://chocolatey.org/contact/).**

A [Chocolatey extension](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/features/extensions) providing helper functions for querying and focusing windows. These functions may be used in Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts by declaring this package a dependency in your package's `.nuspec`.

The most important function is `Use-Window`, which is able to focus a window and bring it to the front. A script can easily switch between windows this way.


## Installation

As the package is an extension, it gets usually installed automatically as a dependency. However, you can still install it manually:

```console
choco install usewindow.extension
```


## Usage

To create a package with the ability to use a function from this extension, add the following to your `.nuspec` specification:

```xml
<dependencies>
  <dependency id="usewindow.extension" version="REPLACE_WITH_MINIMUM_VERSION_USUALLY_CURRENT_LATEST" />
</dependencies>
```

It is possible to import the module directly in your `PS >`, so you can try out the main functionality directly:

```powershell
# import the modules
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\helpers\chocolateyInstaller.psm1"
Import-Module "${env:ChocolateyInstall}\extensions\usewindow\*.psm1"

# get a list of all functions
Get-Command -Module 'usewindow.extension'

# get help and examples for a specific function
Get-Help Use-Window -Detailed
Get-Help Find-WindowHandle -Detailed

# bring the first window that contains the name 'foo' to the front and focus it
Use-Window 'foo'

# bring the first window that equals the name 'foo' to the front and focus it
Use-Window '^foo$'

# bring the first window with the handle 101010, if it exist, to the front and focus it.
Use-Window 101010

# focus the window with the handle 202020, if it exists, to the front and focus it.
Use-Window 'foo bar (202020)'
```

But keep in mind that functions of Chocolatey extension may only work correctly in the context of Chocolatey install and uninstall scripts.


## License, copyright

This project is under the MIT License. See the [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) file for the full license text and details.


## Author information

This Chocolatey extension is maintained by [foundata](https://foundata.com/). If you like it, you might [buy them a coffee](https://buy-me-a.coffee/chocolatey-usewindow.extension/). This is a community project and *not* associated with the official [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) product or team, nor with [Chocolatey Software, Inc.](https://chocolatey.org/contact/). The core functionality is a fork of the [`Focus-Window`](https://github.com/71/Focus-Window/) PowerShell module by [Grégoire Geis](https://gregoirege.is/).
